In this video, we are going to look at
number 37 here, to convert the POJOs
for our vets into JPA entities. So I'm
going to go through and do that right
now. It's going to be a little easier
than the previous video, where we're doing
owners. The Owner object model is more
complex than what we have for the Vet
object model. So let's toggle over to
IntelliJ and start taking a look at that.
Let's take a look at Vet. We can
see that that extends out Person. In
the previous video when we did Owners,
Owners also extends out Person. We
already added in the JPA annotations for
Person so we don't have to touch
anything in this particular video. Let's
go ahead and start setting up Vet
to be a JPA Entity.
The first thing we want to do is
annotate it as an Entity. Let's set
up the table here.
We'll call that vets
and then the specialty mapping that gets
a little more interesting. Let's do
a many-to-many.
I'm following the mapping that the
Spring Pet Clinic is using so I'm just
kind of setting up everything to match
here. This is going to be a many-to-many
implementation. We're going to follow
what they did. Let's set the fetch
type to eager.
What this means is by default
anything that's a many relationship is
going to be lazily initialized. When we
set it to eager, that means that JPA is
going to try to load everything all at
once. By lazy initialization, which is the
default, it doesn't load until it it's
asked for so you'll get back of that
entity and the specialties would be null
if we did not do this. So now, we're going
to set up a join table here. Join
table is a
special table that's going to sit
between so the entities are going to
have their own relationship but the
underlying database is going to have a
table that's going to define IDs from
both sides of their relationship.
That name, we're going to call it
vet, vet_specialties,
join
Columns
and do JoinColumn.
And then we're going to set up the
inverse as well.
This is setting up a mapping
between the two
tables and that this offer the
persistence so that JPA knows how to
navigate between the two tables and how
the relationship is actually defined at
the database level. So now of course we
need to jump over to Specialty. Of
course, this is going to be annotated with
Entity. In entity what this is telling
JPA that this is going to be an entity
persisted it to the database.
Remember, just as a reminder, we look at
base entity. This is a map superclass, so
we are inheriting an ID value from that.
That's why we don't have to set up
any of the ID stuff. This all gets
inherited by that by extending out that
class. So this gets a description. Almost
forgot to add in the table name.
Alright! So like I said, this sort of
mapping is going to be a little bit
easier because the object model is not
as complex for the vet as it was for the
owners and we also completed some of the
mapping because remember we did set up a
map superclass there. So let's just go
ahead and quickly review our object
model here. We have the base entity,
that things inherit from. We already
completed the owner that has been mapped
as a JPA entity. Person is an
intermediary class so it's a map
superclass. This will never be
implemented by us. We're going to inherit
from it. Pet, this is going to be another one
of our entities. We completed that in
previous video, setting up that to the
table of pets and the mapping related to
that and PetType and how it's related
to Owner as well. PetType is one of
these root entities inherits from base
entity. It just gives a pet type name.
Specialty, we modified in this video.
This is specialties. It has one property
called description, also inherits from
base entity. And then, vet, we are setting
up a many-to-many relationship here
so that gives us some flexibility with
the specialties and you can see they're
in line 15, we specify a join table so
that table is going to allow us to
specify ID values from vets, the vet_id and specialty_id. So effectively, that
table is just going to have two columns
in it - vet ID and specialty ID and
that's going to define the relationship
between the two objects in the database.
Now Visit, this is a visit. I do have a
task out there. We are going to convert
this in an upcoming video so I'm going
to leave this one alone right now. But
for the most part, our JPA mapping is
almost done. This was issue number 35 if
I remember right. Double check here, 37.
I'm sorry. So we are going to close this
out and call this one done and complete
the mapping in the upcoming video.
Updated vet.
We'll say that closes out 37.